     REQUIREMENTS
	 
	 
	 
TELECOM BILLING MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
Telecom Billing Management System in c with source code
This Mini project is compile in gcc compiler with visual studio code IDE. This project can be a good reference for those student who are doing there school project in c.Architecture of this project is very simple and easy to understand the code. Just file handling is used to store the data and corresponding function are made to manipulate the data.
The tasks provide in this program are:-
1. A : for adding new records.
2. L : for list of records.
3. M : for modifying records.
4. P : for payment.
5. S : for searching records.
6. D : for deleting records.
User are provide the above tasks.They can add records,modify and view records. Searching and deleting facilities is also provided.



TEST PLAN

With this mini project in C Telecom Billing System, you can perform and manage billing operations like they do in Telecom companies. Here, you can add records with name, phone number and the amount of payment. You can view, modify, search and delete existing records.
You can also make payment by providing your phone number instead of name. All data added or modified are recorded in a file. This project will teach you how to add, list, edit, search and delete records using file handling.
This mini project is a console application without graphics. It is compiled in Visual studio code IDE using GCC compiler. So, compiling the source codes in other platforms or compiler such as Turbo C will produce errors.


The functions and features used in this project are listed below:

Add new records: add new data into file with name, phone number and amount to be paid

View list of records – lists all telephone billing records (as shown in screenshot 3)

Modify records – edit the added records; name, phone number and/or amount of payment can be edited

View payment – shows amount to be paid

Search records – search for added/updated records in file

Delete records – removes data permanently from file
